The Sun and the Moon
The river came.
It's all dust.
Offended me big before.
Even if it's far away, you have to kill.
What a brave sword.
Dare to hurt me.
Hey.
I can't believe your fucking life is harder than a cockroach.
Oh, my.
Wow.
Right.
The corrupter if for this the Qin military helps us up to that
Ma'am, I see you're not here either.
Now the hundred billion fortune of the Qin family is also in the hands of Yang Shou.
I don't have to talk to this son of a bitch anymore.
Maybe this is what the old book says about borrowing bodies.
Turns out it ruined my reputation.
The dead are a couple of dogs.
Once the son of the richest man in Dong Hai, he turned into a notorious fool.
It's sad.
That's the service of a fool like you.
Let my Liang house replace your Qin house within a few short months.
Become the head of these four East Sea clans.
Now it has won the favor of the Imperial Corporation.
Liang Shao heard that the chairman of the imperial corporation was Bai Ziting, the entertainment emperor who never appeared in public.
White Prince.
Yes, White Prince is the master of the entire Dragon Kingdom entertainment industry.
And behind him was the Emperor of the White Armor Golden Lan.
Ta Luong family wants to together with Tran Tinh Ngoc Dai Dao also win the ten billion sky contract of Hoang Trieu Group.
Tran Tinh Ngoc is the international director who shocked the world.
Young master, don't forget me.
If director Chen can choose me as the hostess
Let's not talk about the Queen of Goalkeeper's Country.
Even being famous all over Hollywood doesn't matter.
Okay.
His drama.
One of the four directions behind the Qianlong Emperor is my mother's house.
Put you on top
That's not a sentence.
Oh, young master.
I know you love me the most.
Thank you.
Since I borrowed your flesh and blood to attack you
The sweat of your Qin.
I destroyed a piece of the flower.
Three days and three nights without food.
Hey.
Lying there learning three screams.
The underdog rewards you for eating rice.
You can't.
A cowardly dog like him should get under his pants.
Oh, honey.
Or do you know how to play?
Can you hear me?
I told you to wait, you didn't hear me, did you?
I'm sorry I can't be punished anymore.
I will kill you nine.
You won't tell me.
This kid is crazy.
I'm going to dig out the skills of your family's homeland.
Let them eat wild.
The dead are not safe.
Give me this shit to die for.
Now the ghost woman doesn't know where.
The one who suffers is me.
It's not too late to avenge ten years.
The first Dong Hai newspaper obstinately Qin Xiao did not learn the art
Luxury
Lost 100 Billion Assets
Rich resurrected dead Dong Hai first business Qin Shi Group
So far, the company's market value has dropped by $100 billion.
The 10th bankruptcy of the East Sea
Chairman Qin Xiao was not awake.
These thousand-slaying pillars are indistinguishable.
At all costs.
Yes.